Core analytics recharter (#2786)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/people/team-structure/core-analytics.md

## Mission

> Enable any user to painlessly, confidently, and consistently surface insights from their data that are useful for their product

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable any user to painlessly, confidently, and consistently surface insights from their data that are useful to improve their product and business.
```

> ## Goals & Key Results

Reviewer 2: Suggestion: Depth - you can answer questions that users need answers for.

> - Consistency - Maintain performance and availability of performing analysis

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Consistency - Maintain performance and availability of performing analysis, even for high scale customers.
```

> - Consistency - Maintain performance and availability of performing analysis

Reviewer 2: Nit: Consistency is a weird way to phrase this.

- Confidence - Guarantee data quality 
- Painlessness - Ensure features provide direct abilities to analyze their data. Users should not have to create unnecessary workarounds

> ## Scope

Reviewer: To discuss: One of the things that I think there's a lot of confusion with is on the scope of the UX of analytics features. Example: should creating an A+ UI for experimentation be on the scope of this team or Core Experience. Is there a hand-off at some point? Is it a collaborative work?

Reviewer: To discuss: Who owns feature flags and why?

Reviewer: To discuss: Should Core Analytics be involved with the company's extensibility goal? Connecting PostHog to other systems.

> ### In Scope

Reviewer: - Functionality that enables any type of data analysis (e.g. correlation, experimentation).
- Development & maintenance of any feature that supports data analysis (e.g. actions, cohorts).
- Any efforts to ensure data consistency.
- Documentation of all data analysis features.

- how queries are built
- improving query flexibility and abilities
- Aligning user interface for optimal queryability 
### Out of scope

> - 

Reviewer 3: Might be worth considering some of the things Core Experience team is focussing on:

e.g. Navigation, Collaboration, UX Consistency

Reviewer: Building up on that, some things that I think are worth highlighting:
- Event ingestion and processing.
- Features unrelated to driving insight discovery (e.g. permissions, invites, ...).
- UI/UX and functionality outside data analytics features.
